---
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
isBasedOnUrl: null
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: More about myself
datePublished: '2016-01-10T10:59:29.893Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-10T10:57:39.866Z'
title: Silent
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-07-silent.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
_type: Blurb

---
# Silent

I am more of a silent person. I can talk very passionately about everything I do and my interests, but I like to be a soundboard for people. Listening is sometimes a very important quality and some people do appreciate that. I feel comfortable listening to people and providing them with input, but I also can stand up for my opinion when necessary and appropriate.

# Creative

I always liked to be creative in many ways. I love playing music, but also listen to it. Without it, life would be rather dull to me. Theater, reading books, visiting musea, I can appreciate culture and art. It is a very important part of my life and I am convinced that my parents did a great job in educating me about all the culture in the world.

# Optimist

The world is so much brighter when you can smile at it. Of course we all have our problems, but I always try to see the good side of things. One of my favourite proverbs is : "Optimists see the challenge in every difficulty, Pessimists see the difficulty in every challenge!"

# Realist

With optimism alone, you can't start a business. I graduated from school just three years ago, but I've already learnt that you also need a great amount of realism. Combining the best of both worlds, I always try to create new and fresh ideas and also implement them.

# Entrepreneur

Entrepreneurship is not only about having an idea, but also act to it. The world of entrepreneurship is very interesting and already lead me to very new and compelling experiences. Most of them are out of my comfort zone, following the advice of one of the greatest entrepreneurs on earth, Richard Branson.